chore: release: v1.15.1-rc1 (#8342)
filecoin-project/lotus: CHANGELOG.md

# Lotus changelog

# 1.15.1-rc1 / 2022-03-16

This is the first release candidate of the next *highly recommended* feature release v1.15.1. This feature release introduces Index Provider, GraphSync v2, and many other latest functionalities, improvements and bug fixes. 

> More importantly, node operator can now enable the FVM(experimental) to sync miannet!!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More importantly, node operator can now enable the FVM(experimental) to sync mainnet!!
```

## Highlights

### 🔥🔥🔥 FVM (Experimental) 🔥🔥🔥
- feat: fvm: FVM integration  ([filecoin-project/lotus#8332](https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/pull/8332))
The lotus team is excited to announce the launch of experimental non-programmable FVM on mainnet. By enabling `"LOTUS_USE_FVM_EXPERIMENTAL=1` envvar, the lotus daemon will be running the [WASM-compiled built-in actors](https://github.com/filecoin-project/builtin-actors) that is compatible with the existing chain(Network v15 OhSnap). If you are trying it out and having any questions or feedbacks, please leave a comment [here](https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/discussions/8334)!

  
### 🌟🌟🌟 Index Provider (Production Ready!) 🌟🌟🌟
- feat: markets: Integrate index ingest protocol and retrieve by any CID ([filecoin-project/lotus#7313](https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/pull/7313))

> More and more useful data is being stored in Filecoin via deals made by clients to Storage Providers. It is the goal that these content is discoverable when people needs them. To archive that goal, one of the projects [the Bedrock team](https://www.notion.so/pl-strflt/Bedrock-2e956d5d8143432080a1d84435ccf0ff) is working on is building an Indexer Ecosystem, a project that's focus on content addressing on Filecoin, then potentially have interoperability with IPFS in the future and eventually serve the retrieval market. The Indexer Ecosystem high level architecture overview diagram can be found [here](https://github.com/filecoin-project/storetheindex/blob/main/doc/indexer_ecosys.png) and a detailed write up about can be found [here](https://www.notion.so/pl-strflt/Introducing-Indexer-to-SP-90bf296794174a8281c121d4ce6747a0).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More and more useful data is being stored on Filecoin via deals made by clients to Storage Providers. The goal is that this content is discoverable when people need them. To achieve that goal, one of the projects [the Bedrock team](https://www.notion.so/pl-strflt/Bedrock-2e956d5d8143432080a1d84435ccf0ff) is working on is building an Indexer Ecosystem, a project that's focus on content addressing on Filecoin, then potentially have interoperability with IPFS in the future and eventually serve the retrieval market. The Indexer Ecosystem high level architecture overview diagram can be found [here](https://github.com/filecoin-project/storetheindex/blob/main/doc/indexer_ecosys.png) and a detailed write up about can be found [here](https://www.notion.so/pl-strflt/Introducing-Indexer-to-SP-90bf296794174a8281c121d4ce6747a0).  
```

- After the first one-time migration, being an Index Provider barely puts any extra usage on SP's market system.  
  - You can find the testing result by SPX fellows [here](https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/discussions/8087).
 
We recommend all Storage Providers that are serving deals in the Filecoin network to become a Index Provider, make the data you are storing discoverable for the retrieval market and retrieval clients! 
  - If you have any questions about becoming an index provider, or the indexer system in general, leave a comment [here](https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/discussions/8341).
  - Follow the indexer project at https://github.com/filecoin-project/go-indexer-core.
  - If you have any feature request or bug reports of running an index provider, create an issue in https://github.com/filecoin-project/index-provider.
  - You may also join the #storetheindex channel in the Filecoin Slack to engage with the team & the community!

### ❗️❗️❗️ Dag Migration For New CAR index format in DagStore ❗️❗️❗️

> The index provider leverages the latest CARv2 indexing format `MultihashIndexSorted`, which stores the multihash code as well as the digest of all CIDs in a CAR file. Thus, all Storage Providers SHOULD perform an one-off DAG mirgation to regenerate DagStore CARv2 indices. You have to do it to become an index provider, failing to do so may also impact your future deal making.

Reviewer 2: Should we extract the instructions from the indexer discussion?

Author: oh its here  https://lotus.filecoin.io/storage-providers/operate/index-provider/#first-time-migration i will add a link here too

Author: updated
